README.md, before:

# Challenge 2 - Binar Academy Frontend JavaScript | Studi Independen Kampus Merdeka

> There is 8 questions from this challenge, here's the lists:

## Change Word

> Create a function that accepts 3 parameters with string data type, `selectedText`, `changedText`, `text`

- `selectedText` is a word that is gonna be changed
- `changedText` is a word that will replace the `selectedText`
- `text` is the string or the sentence

## Check Even or Odd Number

> Create a function to check a number is Even or Odd, this function is accepting 1 parameter with number data type

### Criteria

- This function is returning `string`
- If given argument is valid, this function should return either "GENAP" or "GANJIL"
- Validation if argument is not `number` data type

## Email Validation

> Create a function to check if given parameter is valid email address, this function is accepting 1 parameter called **email** which is `string` data type

### Criteria

- This function should return `string`
- This function validate the given argument

## Password Validation

> Create a function to check if given parameter is valid password, this function is accepting 1 parameter called **givenPassword** with `string` data type

### Criteria

- Password length should be at least 8
- Password should have 1 lowercase letter
- Password should have 1 uppercase letter
- Password should have 1 number
- Validate given argument
- This function return `boolean`

## Split Name

> Create a function to return object

## Second highest

## Get Sum of Array of Objects

## Get selling summary

Commit message:

feat: add how to test

README.md, after:

# Challenge 2 - Binar Academy Frontend JavaScript | Studi Independen Kampus Merdeka

> To run test make sure to install the dependencies first using `npm install` or `yarn` and then run `npx vitest`

> There is 8 questions from this challenge, here's the lists:

## Change Word

> Create a function that accepts 3 parameters with string data type, `selectedText`, `changedText`, `text`

- `selectedText` is a word that is gonna be changed
- `changedText` is a word that will replace the `selectedText`
- `text` is the string or the sentence

## Check Even or Odd Number

> Create a function to check a number is Even or Odd, this function is accepting 1 parameter with number data type

### Criteria

- This function is returning `string`
- If given argument is valid, this function should return either "GENAP" or "GANJIL"
- Validation if argument is not `number` data type

## Email Validation

> Create a function to check if given parameter is valid email address, this function is accepting 1 parameter called **email** which is `string` data type

### Criteria

- This function should return `string`
- This function validate the given argument

## Password Validation

> Create a function to check if given parameter is valid password, this function is accepting 1 parameter called **givenPassword** with `string` data type

### Criteria

- Password length should be at least 8
- Password should have 1 lowercase letter
- Password should have 1 uppercase letter
- Password should have 1 number
- Validate given argument
- This function return `boolean`

## Split Name

> Create a function to return object

## Second highest

## Get Sum of Array of Objects

## Get selling summary
